so now let's tag the boy here
uterus came out we started sowing here
queen for sword and do not use
such a cap and a marker that's 2014
green marker is brand new therefore
first need a few times
to
imbued here means that we do like this
the area will limit our dearest Sotho
vochku nashandra not chuya
so just
here , nevertheless, we put a mark on the back
everything
here is our womb now
my tagged
what we go further
so after all uterus
here is the womb is with us but I cover
cap so carefully
chelak do not want to give
So
That's the way we are on the back as well
put a tick
you can wait a little bit on the streets
dried paint
just outlined
them further
so mickey queen
Here on the car, we found essentially her
we limit
she did not run away neatly
Now wait on the back here
mark load
uterus memory or
now we will know what year it is
will know blue or not if
We will consider our family and see
uterus without label means and and changed them
it will be easier to search
from bangs trying to clean and
but the paint is dry now and all the paint
non toxic must scary